[misc] fix tg-emoji closing tag: use constant (#1608)
aiogram/aiogram: CHANGES/1608.misc.rst

> fix closing tag for tg-emoji: use the same constant as for tag opening

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed closing tag for :code:`tg-emoji` in the :class:`aiogram.utils.text_decoration.HtmlDecoration`: use the same constant as for tag opening
```
